[
  {
    "meeting_name": "Data Eng & Infra Sprint Planning",
    "synthesized_notes": "Summarized notes\r\n\r\n**Work Identified (candidates, not tasks)**\r\n\r\n\r\n\u2705\r\n\r\n1. Sprint capacity planning (PTO awareness)\r\n2. Dev workflow hygiene (ticket movement, ownership, QA flow)\r\n3. Manual QA and testing time management\r\n4. Role clarity between engineering and program management\r\n5. Sprint housekeeping and coordination overhead\r\n\r\n\r\nOutcomes\r\n\r\n\r\n\u2705\r\n\r\n- Sprint capacity understood at a high level (minimal PTO impact)\r\n- Reinforced\u00a0**correct ticket-handling workflow**\u00a0to avoid reassignment issues\r\n- Clarified\u00a0**QA ownership and reassignment behavior**\r\n- Agreement that engineers should focus on delivery, with PM absorbing operational overhead\r\n- Follow-up housekeeping sessions to be scheduled\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n**Context**\r\n\r\n- Sprint planning meeting for Data Engineering & Infrastructure teams.\r\n- Mixed audience of engineers, PM/program support, and leadership.\r\n- Focused less on backlog content and more on\u00a0**process mechanics and sprint hygiene**.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n**Key Signal (Problem)**\r\n\r\n- Engineering time is being unintentionally taxed by\u00a0**workflow friction**\u2014especially around ticket movement, QA reassignment, and manual testing tracking.\r\n\r\nWithout consistent handling, this creates noise, misattribution of work, and unnecessary overhead for engineers.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n**Notes**\r\n\r\n- PTO check conducted to understand sprint capacity; no major conflicts surfaced.\r\n- QA / ticket workflow clarifications:\r\n    - Engineers must\u00a0**move their own tickets**\u00a0to \u201cIn Process\u201d\r\n        - If someone else moves it, ownership is reassigned incorrectly.\r\n    - When QA (Ryan) tests a ticket:\r\n        - If issues are found \u2192 ticket reopens and reassigns to engineer automatically.\r\n        - If accepted \u2192 QA is recorded as the acceptor.\r\n- Testing time:\r\n    - QA and PM testing time must be\u00a0**tracked manually**.\r\n    - No automated timer exists for this work.\r\n- Kristen emphasized role boundaries:\r\n    - PM will handle coordination, tracking, and housekeeping.\r\n    - Engineers should focus on work PMs cannot do (delivery, implementation).\r\n- Additional housekeeping topics identified for follow-up meetings.\r\n\r\nSynthesized Signals (Authoritative)\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83d\udea6\r\n\r\nDecision: \r\n\r\n- Engineers are responsible for\u00a0**moving and managing their own tickets**\u00a0through workflow states.\r\n- QA reassignment behavior is expected and should be worked with, not around.\r\n- Program management will explicitly absorb process overhead.\r\n\r\nAction items: \r\n\r\n- Engineers to follow correct ticket-movement practices.\r\n- Kristen to schedule follow-up sessions on workflow housekeeping.\r\n- Team to manually track QA/testing time where applicable.\r\n\r\nBlocked: \r\n\r\n- No technical blockers.\r\n- Process clarity depends on consistent adoption by team members.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83e\udde9\r\n\r\n**Risks / Open Questions**\r\n\r\n- Risk of continued misassignment if ticket workflow rules aren\u2019t followed consistently.\r\n- Potential underreporting of QA/testing effort due to manual tracking.\r\n- How to surface testing/QA time in sprint capacity planning more explicitly.\r\n\r\n\r\n**Screenshots / Photos**\r\n\r\n\r\n\u2728\r\n\r\n- \r\n\r\n![image.png](attachment:b99e2286-727d-4457-bb1d-ff24c621659f:image.png)\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nNotes (raw)\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83d\udcdd\r\n\r\nJohn may have another ticket for me to work for financial something\r\n\r\n- We groomed the ticket for reprice logic\r\n- Not a lot to plan just a lot to do\u2026\r\n\r\n\r\nCommitments / Ideas\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83d\udfe9\r\n\r\n**Commitments**\r\n\r\n- **Rowan will**\u00a0follow established ticket ownership and movement rules.\r\n- **Rowan will**\u00a0factor manual QA/testing effort into sprint planning expectations.\r\n\r\n\r\nIdeas\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83d\udfea\r\n\r\n**Ideas**\r\n\r\n- Create a short\u00a0**\u201cticket lifecycle cheat sheet\u201d**\u00a0for new engineers.\r\n- Explore lightweight ways to summarize QA/testing time at sprint end.\r\n- Treat workflow hygiene as part of sprint readiness, not after-the-fact cleanup.",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-12",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  },
  {
    "meeting_name": "DMP Touchbase",
    "synthesized_notes": "Summarized notes\r\n\r\n**Work Identified (candidates, not tasks)**\r\n\r\n\r\n\u2705\r\n\r\n1. \r\n2. PBM file feed automation (claims + eligibility) across many PBMs\r\n3. RX DMP ingestion parity with current semi-manual process\r\n4. Audit and validation layers for claims accuracy\r\n5. Reusable DAG + business-logic testing patterns\r\n6. Clarification of ownership boundaries within DMP v2 (RX vs platform)\r\n\r\n\r\nOutcomes\r\n\r\n\r\n\u2705\r\n\r\n- Alignment on\u00a0**automation-first**\u00a0for PBM file feeds\r\n- Agreement to\u00a0**recreate current behavior first**, then extend\r\n- Shared understanding of\u00a0**testable separation**\u00a0between env config and business logic\r\n- Confirmation that RX can drive\u00a0**reusable patterns**\u00a0for other domains\r\n- Project kickoff for PBM file feeds to be scheduled\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n**Context**\r\n\r\n- Discussion focused on what \u201csuccess\u201d looks like for RX DMP over the next quarter.\r\n- Current PBM ingestion is semi-manual and fragmented across many PBMs.\r\n- DMP v2 architecture (EnvConfig, registry, versioning) is still evolving but usable.\r\n- Rowan is onboarding and aligning to existing patterns to avoid rework.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n**Key Signal (Problem)**\r\n\r\n- PBM file feeds (claims and eligibility) span ~100 workflows due to PBM variance and are not fully automated.\r\n- There is a need to\u00a0**automate ingestion with parity**, ensure\u00a0**correct logic application**, and introduce\u00a0**auditable accuracy checks**, while avoiding tight coupling between DAGs, environment config, and business logic.\r\n\r\n\r\n**Notes**\r\n\r\n- ~50\u201360 PBMs, each with distinct layouts; most require unique workflows.\r\n- Success initially means:\r\n    - Automating today\u2019s process\r\n    - Producing identical results to the current manual/semi-manual approach\r\n- Longer-term value:\r\n    - Audit layers (benchmarks, month-over-month variance checks)\r\n    - Claims history ingestion \u2192 enrichment \u2192 repricing\r\n- DMP v2 principles:\r\n    - Separate environment config from business logic\r\n    - Load env config once; test usage, not loading\r\n    - Backward-compatible versioning via registry\r\n- Existing unit tests already validate config loading; RX tests focus on transform logic.\r\n- RX reprice transform tests cited as examples of targeted business-logic testing.\r\n- Ownership clarity is still forming; Johnathan offered to help route questions.\r\n\r\nSynthesized Signals (Authoritative)\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83d\udea6\r\n\r\nDecision: \r\n\r\n- Start by\u00a0**replicating current PBM ingestion behavior**\u00a0in DMP v2 before adding new features.\r\n- Use\u00a0**workflow-based automation**\u00a0for PBM feeds.\r\n- Follow the pattern of\u00a0**env config separation**\u00a0and\u00a0**targeted unit tests**\u00a0for business logic.\r\n- RX is an acceptable proving ground for reusable DMP patterns.\r\n\r\nAction items: \r\n\r\n- Jeremy to\u00a0**schedule a PBM File Feeds project kickoff**.\r\n- Jeremy to\u00a0**send Anthem-related tickets**.\r\n- Johnathan to\u00a0**share examples**\u00a0(unit tests / transform patterns) with Rowan.\r\n- Rowan to\u00a0**review existing RX transform tests**\u00a0and align implementation to those patterns.\r\n- Rowan to obtain\u00a0**Ken\u2019s PowerShell scripts**\u00a0for reference.\r\n\r\nBlocked: \r\n\r\n- Partial ambiguity around\u00a0**ownership boundaries**\u00a0across DMP components.\r\n- DMP v2 components (EnvConfig, registry) are\u00a0**functional but still evolving**.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83e\udde9\r\n\r\n**Risks / Open Questions**\r\n\r\n- How to manage scale and maintainability with ~100 PBM workflows.\r\n- Where best to place audit logic (ingestion vs post-ingestion layers).\r\n- How quickly EnvConfig and registry patterns may change.\r\n- Clear delineation of ownership as RX expands into broader DMP calculations.\r\n\r\n\r\n**Screenshots / Photos**\r\n\r\n\r\n\u2728\r\n\r\n- \r\n\r\n\r\nNotes (raw)\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83d\udcdd\r\n\r\n*What success looks like for RX DMP over the next quarter (beyond \u201cbacklog burned down\u201d)*\r\n\r\n1. PBM file feeds\r\n    1. diff workflows for diff PBM (claims and eligibility) - 100 (2 for every 50 - 60 PBMs) - automate it\r\n    2. Build layers to audit the claims - did claims double from last year to this month - data accuracy\r\n2. *Will there be a project kickoff for PBM file feeds?*\r\n    1. Yes - JT will schedule\r\n    2. Jeremy will send Anthem tickets, \r\n    3. Rowan can get Ken\u2019s powershell scripts\r\n3. Claims history information- ingest, enrich and reprice\r\n    1. now: recreate what we're doing today in new framework\r\n    2. then: new features to go and tackle, moving into calculations on backend in DMP - John may not work alone, data engineers can help\r\n\r\n*How you\u2019re thinking about DMP v2 architecture bets (registry, EnvConfig, versioning, notifications) and where RX fits*\r\n\r\n1. can we evolve it - envConfig is still evolving, works for dev2\r\n    1. db, schemas, apis, urls, creds\r\n    2. versioning - needs to be backwards compatible for previous versions - whole idea between registry and versioning\r\n2. its really the first pass in getting it working holistically\r\n3. Can I make updates - yes, but we\u2019re limping along\r\n    1. Confluence or Jira\r\n\r\n*Where you\u2019d most want to see reusable patterns emerge from RX that other domains can adopt*\r\n\r\n1. services and repositories can call quote to contract apis\r\n2. others will need\u2026 class patterns are there\r\n    1. seperate loading into different methods\r\n        1. John and Nathan has also done that\r\n        2. we just need to test that its using the correct environment\r\n        3. in unit tests - rx reprice transforms\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nCommitments / Ideas\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83d\udfe9\r\n\r\n**Commitments**\r\n\r\n- **Rowan will**\u00a0align PBM ingestion work to existing DMP v2 patterns to avoid rework.\r\n- **Rowan will**\u00a0start by reproducing current ingestion results before extending functionality.\r\n- **Rowan will**\u00a0use targeted unit tests against business logic rather than config loading.\r\n- **Rowan will**\u00a0coordinate with Johnathan to respect existing ownership and patterns.\r\n\r\n\r\nIdeas\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83d\udfea\r\n\r\n**Ideas**\r\n\r\n- Treat RX PBM ingestion as a\u00a0**reference implementation**\u00a0for other domains.\r\n- Add lightweight, periodic\u00a0**claims variance checks**\u00a0as an early audit layer.\r\n- Codify PBM-specific variance behind configuration to reduce DAG sprawl.",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-12",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  },
  {
    "meeting_name": "Quote-LinQ | Rx Sprint Planning",
    "synthesized_notes": "\ud83d\udea6\n\nDecision: \n\n**Workflow-based ingestion** is the intended pattern for PBM file feeds (not direct API calls).\n\n- Data should be landed, persisted, and historized to support rollups, aggregations, and metadata.\n\n**PHI handling is mandatory and explicit**:\n\n- Some PHI fields (e.g., SSN) exist in raw PBM files but are intentionally not ingested.\n- When ingested, sensitive fields are hashed prior to production use.\n\n**Ownership split into two distinct efforts**:\n\n- Rowan will own **PBM File Feed claim file ingestion**.\n- Rowan will separately own investigation and resolution of **missing LDD, SDL, and biosimilars flags**.\n\nAction items: \n\n**Rowan**\n\n- Review PBM File Feed ingestion workflow:\n    - What fields exist upstream vs what is landed.\n    - Where PHI is filtered, hashed, or excluded.\n- Identify where LDD, SDL, and biosimilars flags are expected to originate:\n    - Source feed vs derived logic.\n- Propose or implement a compliant, workflow-aligned path for flag population.\n\n**John / Team**\n\n- Create or finalize tickets that clearly separate:\n    - Ingestion work\n    - Flag derivation gaps\n- Document expected behavior and authoritative sources for flags.\n\nBlocked: \n\n**PHI constraints**:\n\n- Limit what can be landed, persisted, or exposed.\n- Influence where and how flags can be derived.\n\n**Ongoing rework between team members** has slowed progress and increased ambiguity around ownership and approach.\n\n\n\n\n\ud83e\udde9",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-12",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  },
  {
    "meeting_name": "Rx Product Overview",
    "synthesized_notes": "\ud83d\udea6\n\nDecision: \n\n- Continue RX Product Overview in follow-up meetings.\n- Use future sessions to:\n    - Finish RFP workflow walkthrough\n    - Review client-facing outputs\n    - Cover skipped RX features\n\nAction items: \n\n- Jeremy to\u00a0**schedule follow-up RX walkthrough**\u00a0for next week.\n- Attendees to\u00a0**explore the system hands-on**\u00a0and return with questions.\n\nBlocked: \n\n- None explicitly; depth constrained by meeting time.\n\n\n\n\n\ud83e\udde9",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-09",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  },
  {
    "meeting_name": "Data Eng Backlog Grooming",
    "synthesized_notes": "\ud83d\udea6\n\nDecision: \n\n- **Enrichment is the gating requirement**; all artifact work is prioritized by whether it feeds enrichment.\n- MF2 and SUB artifacts are first priority.\n- NADAC can be revisited later unless required by enrichment.\n- Pairing is preferred for complex artifact changes.\n\nAction items: \n\n- Jeff to continue MF2 and SUB upserts and validation.\n- Jeff to include NCPDP if required for enrichment.\n- Jeff and Rowan to pair via screen share during changes.\n- Dev team to complete dev2/dev3 bring-up, CI, and DNS updates.\n\nBlocked: \n\n- Full enrichment readiness blocked until required artifacts are validated in DMP v2.\n- Dependent on completion of environment migration steps.\n\n\n\n\n\ud83e\udde9",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-08",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  },
  {
    "meeting_name": "RN:RB 1-1",
    "synthesized_notes": "\ud83d\udea6\n\nDecision: \n\n- RX DAG development should proceed\u00a0**independently of Quote Link setup**.\n- Registry will be the\u00a0**single integration contract**\u00a0for exposing DAGs.\n- End-to-end integration is\u00a0**optional and exploratory**, not required early.\n\nAction items: \n\n- Rowan to continue RX DAG work using Airflow console/API.\n- Rowan to review registry and transform patterns next.\n- John to provide deeper walkthroughs of registry and Quote Link integration.\n\nBlocked: \n\n- No hard blockers identified.\n- Only constraint is natural onboarding ramp-up time.\n\n\n\n\n\ud83e\udde9",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-06",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  },
  {
    "meeting_name": "Team Retrospective",
    "synthesized_notes": "\ud83d\udea6\n\nDecision: \n\n- Retrospectives should explicitly\u00a0**walk through and mine inputs**\u00a0rather than glossing over them.\n- **Unplanned work**\u00a0is the agreed-upon category for operational and support effort.\n- Making unplanned work visible is necessary for capacity planning and improvement.\n\nAction items: \n\n- Introduce a lightweight mechanism to\u00a0**track unplanned / operational work**.\n- Explore tagging or classification to enable\u00a0**reporting and rollups**.\n- Add a recurring\u00a0**team sentiment / temperature check**.\n- Regularly communicate unplanned work data upward.\n\nBlocked: \n\n- Lack of an agreed, lightweight tracking mechanism today.\n- Cultural habit of absorbing unplanned work without recording it.\n\n\n\n\n\ud83e\udde9",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-06",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  },
  {
    "meeting_name": "Rx Backlog Grooming",
    "synthesized_notes": "\ud83d\udea6\n\nDecision: \n\n- Implement formulary selection as:\n    - Dropdown backed by a database table when possible\n    - Free-text entry allowed when no canonical formulary exists\n- Store formulary name text when not tied to an ID.\n- Cancel the standing RX call; use ad hoc coordination instead.\n\nAction items: \n\n- Jeremy to continue building and refining RX tickets:\n    - Formulary naming\n    - Claims reallocation\n- Engineering to implement formulary dropdown + \u201cOther\u201d pattern when ticketed.\n- Remove recurring RX call from calendars.\n\nBlocked: \n\n- None explicitly identified.\n\n\n\n\n\ud83e\udde9",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-06",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  },
  {
    "meeting_name": "Sync w John on Dev-8109 setup",
    "synthesized_notes": "Summarized notes\r\n\r\n**Work Identified (candidates, not tasks)**\r\n\r\n\r\n\u2705\r\n\r\n1. Put json file and signal file in local stack\r\n2. Get local airflow of job running prior to starting work\r\n\r\n\r\nOutcomes\r\n\r\n\r\n\u2705\r\n\r\n- \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n**Context**\r\n\r\n- \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n**Key Signal (Problem)**\r\n\r\n- \r\n\r\n\r\n**Notes**\r\n\r\nSynthesized Signals (Authoritative)\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83d\udea6\r\n\r\nDecision: \r\n\r\nAction items: \r\n\r\n- Rowan\r\n    - Put json file and signal file in local stack\r\n    - Get local airflow of job running prior to starting work\r\n- John\r\n    - will send Rowan a signal file and s3 LocalStack instructions\r\n\r\nBlocked: \r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83e\udde9\r\n\r\n**Risks / Open Questions**\r\n\r\n- \r\n\r\n\r\n**Screenshots / Photos**\r\n\r\n\r\n\u2728\r\n\r\n![Screenshot 2026-01-13 at 12.19.40\u202fPM.png](attachment:8231c5df-0f97-44a0-a342-2eb1dfb31a8b:Screenshot_2026-01-13_at_12.19.40_PM.png)\r\n\r\n![Screenshot 2026-01-13 at 12.21.08\u202fPM.png](attachment:73e48b24-3e5c-42a4-964d-027975713031:Screenshot_2026-01-13_at_12.21.08_PM.png)\r\n\r\n![Screenshot 2026-01-13 at 12.21.23\u202fPM.png](attachment:7312f5e8-f703-4538-ab8e-0f5c7e030b38:Screenshot_2026-01-13_at_12.21.23_PM.png)\r\n\r\n![Screenshot 2026-01-13 at 12.21.52\u202fPM.png](attachment:22e23585-f7b5-498d-b79a-0e6bafa729ed:Screenshot_2026-01-13_at_12.21.52_PM.png)\r\n\r\n![Screenshot 2026-01-13 at 12.22.52\u202fPM.png](attachment:3c772171-5f57-4fda-90bf-d234f84657f1:Screenshot_2026-01-13_at_12.22.52_PM.png)\r\n\r\n![Screenshot 2026-01-13 at 12.29.58\u202fPM.png](attachment:753a0731-8682-4d0c-9516-e38092f923f5:Screenshot_2026-01-13_at_12.29.58_PM.png)\r\n\r\n- \r\n\r\n\r\nNotes (raw)\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83d\udcdd\r\n\r\nuse task/jn/rx-drug-flags branch that John started for this\r\n\r\nmake a df for NDC w 3 flags and then merge it in later\r\n\r\ns3 cp 2 files (remove prefix if downloaded from s3)\r\n\r\nmight need to mock rx drug DB in tests (John will send example)\r\n\r\nSlack:\r\n\r\nI pushed up that branch\u00a0`task/jn/rx-drug-flags`\r\n\r\n[12:38](https://ringmastertech.slack.com/archives/D0A7369GRRU/p1768329492215889)\r\n\r\nDownload the attached files and call the following localstack s3 cp commands (note: that if you download these files to somewhere other than ~/Downloads you will need to modify the path to the local file.\r\n\r\n```\r\n$> aws s3 cp ~/Downloads/26-rxclaims_pipeline_v2-2026-01-07T17_54_50.954043Z.json s3://ringlinq-dmp-local/signal/rxclaims/14/80/ --endpoint-url http://localhost:4566 --region us-east-1 --profile ringlinq-dmp-local\r\n$> aws s3 cp ~/Downloads/full-rxclaims-test.csv s3://ringlinq-dmp-local/signal/rxclaims/14/80/ --endpoint-url http://localhost:4566 --region us-east-1 --profile ringlinq-dmp-local\r\n\r\n```\r\n\r\n2 files\r\n\r\nDownload all\r\n\r\n[**full-rxclaims-test.csv**CSV](https://files.slack.com/files-pri/TCR5LJJ59-F0A8LPYRZAQ/download/full-rxclaims-test.csv?origin_team=TCR5LJJ59)\r\n\r\n[**26-rxclaims_pipeline_v2-2026-01-07T17_54_50.954043Z.json**JSON](https://ringmastertech.slack.com/files/U0A710AG544/F0A8DP7KGR3/26-rxclaims_pipeline_v2-2026-01-07t17_54_50.954043z.json?origin_team=TCR5LJJ59&origin_channel=D0A7369GRRU)\r\n\r\n[12:39](https://ringmastertech.slack.com/archives/D0A7369GRRU/p1768329579069669)\r\n\r\nAfter the files are in place you will then be able to call the\u00a0`/dags/{dag_id}/dagRuns`\u00a0api in your local airflow with the following params:\r\n\r\n- dag_id = rxclaims_pipeline_v2\r\n\r\nWith a request body of:\r\n\r\n```\r\n{\r\n  \"conf\": {\r\n    \"signal/rxclaims/14/80/26-rxclaims_pipeline_v2-2026-01-07T17_54_50.954043Z.json\"\r\n  }\r\n}\r\n\r\n```\r\n\r\n![image.png](attachment:083eea26-9635-4dd4-94b3-c4a32b518466:image.png)\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nCommitments / Ideas\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83d\udfe9\r\n\r\n**Commitments**\r\n\r\n- Rowan will reach out to John later for walk-through of getting q2c running locally\r\n\r\n\r\nIdeas\r\n\r\n\r\n\ud83d\udfea\r\n\r\n**Ideas**\r\n\r\n-",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-13",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  },
  {
    "meeting_name": "Rx Backlog Grooming",
    "synthesized_notes": "\ud83d\udea6\n\nDecision: \n\n- Reuse existing RX claims DAG ingestion patterns for reallocation files.\n- Favor **deterministic reallocation outputs** to reduce noise across repricing runs.\n- Treat messaging enhancements as incremental and separable.\n\nAction items: \n\n- Proceed with DEV-8095 UI work for Reallocation Lists.\n- Define q2c endpoints + DAG triggers for DEV-8101 if UI rendering is unnecessary.\n- Implement DEV-8111 with highest-rate NDC logic and controlled recalculation.\n- Continue spikes for messaging before locking implementation details.\n\nBlocked: \n\n- Architectural clarity on **Airflow vs backend services** for UI-triggered work.\n- Messaging scope may change based on spike outcomes.\n\n\n\n\n\ud83e\udde9",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-13",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  },
  {
    "meeting_name": "Rx Product Overview Con\u2019t",
    "synthesized_notes": "\ud83d\udea6\n\nDecision: \n\n- Use continued walkthroughs to onboard engineers into RX complexity.\n- Defer clinical deep dive until it can be presented interactively.\n- Centralize RX domain questions through Jeremy.\n\nAction items: \n\n- Jeremy to send ticket details to Rowan.\n- Jonathan to pull James into relevant work streams.\n- Schedule future session(s) to:\n    - Finish RFP walkthrough\n    - Cover skipped RX features\n    - Walk through clinical concepts with context\n\nBlocked: \n\n- None explicitly.\n- Deeper understanding of clinical logic deferred pending walkthrough.\n\n\n\n\n\ud83e\udde9",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-14",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  },
  {
    "meeting_name": "DMP<>CEO",
    "synthesized_notes": "\ud83d\udea6\n\nDecision: \n\nEvery DMP workflow must include an associated validator.\n\nValidation is a required standard, not optional.\n\nArchitecture decisions should be guided by long-term vision.\n\nAction items: \n\nDefine validation patterns as part of workflow implementation.\n\nBegin outlining system and product KPIs for dashboards.\n\nInitiate higher-level architecture vision discussions outside of backlog tickets.\n\nBlocked: \n\nNo immediate blockers raised.\n\n\n\n\n\ud83e\udde9",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-16",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  },
  {
    "meeting_name": "Rx Backlog Grooming",
    "synthesized_notes": "\ud83d\udea6\n\nDecision: \n\n- RX grooming will **feed tickets into DMP**, not duplicate DMP grooming.\n- Jonathan will act as the **primary RX ticket representative** in DMP sessions.\n- Jeremy joins only if scope, priority, or intent materially changes.\n\nAction items: \n\n- Jeremy to send the RX epic link to Jonathan.\n- Jonathan to surface RX tickets in the DMP channel for discussion.\n- Scope or estimate changes to be reported back to RX.\n\nBlocked: \n\n- None identified.\n\n\n\n\n\ud83e\udde9",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-20",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  },
  {
    "meeting_name": "[Document] Slack w Johnathan",
    "synthesized_notes": "Signals extracted from document: 2 decisions, 3 action items, 1 risks, 2 ideas",
    "meeting_date": "2026-01-21",
    "raw_text": null,
    "signals": {}
  }
]